All right, so we have created the database.
We have the Dow.
So the infrastructure, the below infrastructure is already set up, which is real good.
So now we're going to move up to go to repository.
Now, as I said before, to have a repository is optional in the sense that it's not part of this architecture
for things to actually work properly, right?
So a repository is an optional, nonetheless useful because it's the place where we can have the clean
API, right, a way to cleanly communicate with anything else afterwards.
Like if you want to end the user interface and so forth.
So we're going to create a repository, even though it's not a structure that it's needed per se, but
it's a good habit.
So back to our code here.
Let's go and create a new package so new you can see repository such an inside there.
This created new codling class.
Called Note Repository
right now, here is hilt where that dependency injection really shines because this repository will
have to have access to what?
Yes, we have to have access to our Dow because remember, our Dow is the connector between anything
else at the top here with what we have at the bottom here.
So the Dow data access object, access to data from our SQL light thank from our entities and their
bodies and so forth.
All of that is inside of our room database structure.
So how do we do that?
Well, are we going to say I inject this is the beauty because now we can just invoke, add in.
We can just say at inject and say constructed so we can inject a property in our constructor here,
what property we want and we say private foul and I'm going to put a note.
Database Dow type like this.
All right.
Very good.
So now we'll have access to our IT note that eBay style, which is needed, of course, to access our
database and query the database into all sort of things like the crud operations.
So create, read, update and delete.
So inside here we are going to create right?
Because remember, it's going to be the second layer to our data, right?
So I'm going to invoke from here the operations.
So I'm going to create suspend again functions in this case.
Add note.
Well, to add a note, we need to pass an actual note object.
And then then I'm going to just say no to database.
Dow, right, because I have access to it there.
That's the beauty and invoked to insert method or function and pass our note.
So remember, our Dow here has the actual functions queries so we can actually insert things or deal
with the underlining database, right?
Because we have here you can see query and we can start selecting, for instance, old notes from the
database or a certain note and so forth, right?
So that is the structure.
We are now connecting to our data access object, which has access to the data so can continue here.
Let's finish without note again that we can just pass a note because No.
Two, No, they have the same name.
That's fine.
I create another one, suspend again phone and say update note when it passed the note, it's going
to be a note that database style again and update and pass the note right?
And let's say delete.
Note, it's going to be a note now that it may still delete note, pass that note and needs to be deleted,
and that's fine, and we can also say suspend again, delete
all notes
now to delete all delete old notes.
You don't have to pass anything.
Said No.
So we're going to say no to database to delete all.
OK.
And you can see, let's make sure that this is correct.
You can see that some of the names are actually similar, right?
So I take note, this is update I could have made.
All of them have the same names because there are different classes.
Right?
So they are mirroring each other because it makes sense.
All our repositories doing is mirroring whatever the Dow is doing, so it stays.
Update here, I could also say updating and so forth.
So the names of the functions could be the same and usually they tend to be the same.
OK.
All right.
And let's see what else and get suspend, let's say, get all notes.
Now how do we get old notes?
Well, we have to be very mindful, of course, of the types.
So when we get all notes, let's see.
Here says get no same thing.
Notice we're passing flu, right?
It's kind of wrapping the whole list of note inside of flow so that we are able to get that state and
propagate the information throughout the entire application so that we get in this case or a composable
or function can listen to this state, this flow of data.
So types are very important here.
So that means then of course, going to do the same thing here.
This is expecting a flow.
Make sure we get the court lane call routines flow, I said.
It's going to be the same thing.
So it's list of notes, object and say note database.
I'll get notes.
And this is when then I'm going to say Dot flown on like this.
And then I have passed the context.
So I'm just going to say dispatcher that.
And then we're going to say dot com fleet like that.
And at this point, we can actually get rid of suspend because that's not necessary since we are actually
getting a flow, since we actually getting a flow.
So this will take care of all of the background threads, and we don't need to worry about it.
OK, so there we go, so now we have created our repository, which is now closer, one step closer
to our view, more so if you model this case doesn't have to go through and get to Dow directly, although
it could.
But now instead is going to go through a repository to get the data.
And then, of course, inside here we can use it life data.
We can use flow.
In this case, that's what are going to be using what we can use, any other data structure that allows
us to have that state.
That's very important, especially for.
Our composer was.
My here.
All right, so we're making good progress.
Let's continue in next video.